[gunshot, bell dings]
[The Watcher] The Old West.
- [gunshot, bell dings]
- A frontier of endless possibility...
[gunshot, bell dings]
...and untold villainy.
How many was that?
That was nine. One left.
You sure? I thought I counted eight.
And legend goes it's gotta be exactly...
[bell dings, echoes]
Ten rings.
Now we wait.
[wind blows]
[♪ spaghetti western music playing]
[The Watcher] But often the most
treacherous of places
have a way of breeding
the truest of heroes.
[Shang-Chi] John Walker.
You rang?
Nice of you to show up.
Although, it will be the last mistake
you ever make.
Mistake?
Hey, Hawkeye, when's the last time
you missed your mark?
[Kate] Can't recall.
But it sounds like these folks
could use a demonstration.
Let's get her done.
Mind if I take my hat off first?
Hmm?
- [grunts]
- [groans]
[groans]
- [♪ ranchera music playing]
- [men grunting]
[men grunting]
[screams]
[groans]
[sighs]
[panting]
[grunts]
- [groans]
- Where's the Hood?
[clears throat] I'm sorry, who?
- [grunts]
- Don't get cute.
The Hood's been ransacking
construction sites all across the West.
And abducting all the workers
building the rail lines.
Eh, what do I care about a bunch
of missing Chinese immigrants?
All right. Argh. All right.
The Hood's headed towards Point Pegasus.
But I wouldn't fret.
Because in due time,
the Hood comes for everybody.
And rumor has it,
he's got his eyes fixed on you.
[The Watcher] In the Wild West, danger's
always lurking just over the horizon.
But there are still some heroes
who ride right towards it
to become a legend.
[The Watcher] Time.
Space.
Reality.
It's more than a linear path.
It's a prism of endless possibility,
where a single choice
can branch out into infinite realities,
creating alternate worlds
from the ones you know.
I am the Watcher.
I am your guide
through these vast new realities.
Follow me and ponder the question...
"What If?"
Alternate realities, parallel universes.
You get it at this point.
Small choices, big changes, etcetera.
But, out in the farthest reaches
of the Multiverse,
well, things can get a little weird.
Here, anything is possible.
Really. Anything.
Think less "What if?"
and more "What the hell?"
In this universe, Ultron
was actually programmed for show tunes.
But even in the Multiverse's
most far-out worlds,
one thing sadly remains a constant.
Injustice.
Shang-Chi's universe was no exception.
Looking to escape the shadow
of her father's tyranny, in this universe,
Shang-Chi's sister, Xu Xialing,
immigrated to the United States
in the late 1860s,
only to discover the American Dream
was not what she'd been promised.
Immigrants had become targets,
thanks to a mysterious crime lord
known as the Hood,
who realized he could cement his power
by preying on the locals' fear
of their new neighbors.
But when Xialing
saw this injustice firsthand,
she alone sought out the Hood
and fought back.
Only never to be heard from again.
And when rumor spread the Hood had taken
Xialing and her neighbors hostage,
no one cared to look for them.
Except Shang-Chi.
Desperate to find his missing sister,
he joined forces with Kate Bishop,
a sharpshooter with her own bad blood
against the Hood.
Together, they became a frontier fable.
But this tall tale was starting to sound
more like a ghost story.
[Shang-Chi] Walker's tip was good.
- But we're still too late. Again.
- [horse neighs]
Ah, as if working the rail lines
isn't torture enough.
[Kate] The Hood left my family's homestead
the same way after he got through with it.
No survivors.
And no trail left to track.
We're getting closer.
We'll find him, Kate.
And when we do,
I'm gonna put him
dead in the ground myself.
Not before he tells me
where my sister is first. All right?
[boy] Help.
Help.
No way.
[breathing deeply]
You okay, kid?
Here, have some of this.
[gulping]
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Okay, okay. Slow down.
- You got a name?
- Jun-Fan.
Well, all right, Jun-Fan.
Do you think you can tell us
what happened?
I tried to ring the bell to call you,
but the Hood was too fast.
It's all right. We're here now.
We can help,
but you gotta tell us what you saw.
It started like any other night.
Dad telling your stories,
The Legend of Hawkeye and the Ten Rings.
The frontier heroes who fight
for those who can't fight for themselves.
Until the Hood appeared.
He whipped in out of nowhere,
like a chill in the air.
And took everyone away on a Ghost Train.
A "Ghost Train"?
Yeah, a Ghost Train. It went that way.
How did it head into the valley?
There's no track.
I saw it with my own two eyes.
You gotta believe me!
Please, Shang-Chi. He took my dad.
[sighs] I shouldn't have hid.
You did good, kid.
We'll take it from here.
No! I'm coming with you.
I want to teach the Hood a lesson myself.
Hey, now, hang on--
[in Mandarin]
[in English] All right. Now, that last one
was actually pretty good.
[Kate] Hey, check it.
There's a faint trail
running along the desert floor.
Looks like it leads
straight into the valleys,
in the Fury Flats.
[Shang-Chi] Just like the kid said.
They've got a mean head start.
But if we ride the stagecoach route
over the mountains...
We'll head them off at the pass.
What do you think, Jun-Fan?
Up for an adventure?
[in Mandarin]
[neighs]
- [Kate in English] Hyah!
- [galloping]
[♪ spaghetti western music playing]
Hyah!
[Jun-Fan] Did we make it?
Don't know, kid. We've just gotta wait.
And hope we didn't miss it.
Please, let us be in time.
[Shang-Chi] Come out, wherever you are.
[train horn tooting]
There it is!
Hah. Well, I'll be.
That's our Ghost Train. Let's move! Hyah!
[Kate] Hyah!
[galloping]
Come on. Come on!
[rumbling]
[Shang-Chi] Hyah!
[grunts]
Let's go!
Don't worry.
Kate's got some serious forearm strength.
You got this, kid.
- Whoa!
- I got ya.
Nice one, kid.
What in tarnation?
Don't stray too far, will you, Morris?
[grunts]
Uh, guys?
- What?
- Oh, boy.
[whinnies]
Hang on!
[Kate] No, no, no...
[all scream]
Ah... Huh?
[Kate] What? Wait. Huh?
What in the hell?
Whoa! Did you see?
We just flew over a canyon!
When we find your dad,
do not tell him about this.
[Shang-Chi, Kate grunt]
Oh, man.
- Look.
- [Shang-Chi] Yeah.
Looks like the railroad workers weren't
the only thing the Hood made off with.
This looks like one of Stark's inventions.
[Kate] Damn. I'll be.
Stark Munitions, Hammer Steel,
Cross Manufacturing.
The Hood's jacked all of 'em.
This is an arsenal.
Enough to take
the whole damn West by storm.
Dad? Dad!
Dad, where are you?
Dad, are you here?
Are they the workers?
Yeah. Well, if the Hood's lookin'
for an army,
a bunch of railroad workers
wouldn't be a bad start.
[in Mandarin]
[gasps]
[in English] Why won't he answer?
Some kind of devilry.
The Hood's work, no doubt.
Which means we need to have a word
with the man himself.
- [both] Huh?
- [guns cock]
Well, if it ain't Hawkeye
and the Ten Rings!
Welcome aboard.
Uh-uh-uh.
Now, you're gonna wanna drop those guns.
And you, Ten Rings,
why don't you lower those fists of fury?
Wouldn't want a party foul
to ruin this little guest's good time.
Who are you?
Where's the Hood? Where is my sister?
[laughs] I'm so-- Look at me, boys.
My apologies. My name is Sonny Burch.
I'm a proud investor in the bright,
new future the Hood's building.
"Bright future," huh? Doesn't look
so bright for your prisoners back there.
Prisoners?
[laughs] No. No, no. You got it all wrong.
You see, this here
is a train of liberation.
And those fine folks?
Well, they've been conscripted into
- a force that's gonna change the world.
- [growls]
Conscription doesn't sound
like freedom to me.
Free market in action.
A little economic principle I like to call
"supply and demand."
I supply 'em, and they do what I demand.
Hey, kid. [continues in Mandarin]
- Huh! Huh!
- [men groaning]
[Sonny in English] Why, look at that.
[chuckles]
Now, someone hold my hat.
Whoa, keep your hat on, mister.
Ain't no need for violence.
Now, y'all want to see the Hood?
Well, guess what?
The Hood wants to see you, too.
See? Now that's what I'm talkin' about.
Interests can align.
As long as you two agree to play nice.
Now, please, my subordinates
will show y'all to the club car.
Well, what are you waiting for?
Somebody go kill that kid.
[The Watcher] Kwai Jun-Fan
was inspired by Shang-Chi
to be the hero of his own story.
- [grunts]
- [Jun-Fan screams]
But tragedy can often befall
even the bravest of souls.
Come here!
Throw him off the train.
But not this time.
[men scream]
[The Watcher] Sometimes
even the bravest of heroes
needs a little push.
[screams]
[train horn tooting]
- [rumbling]
- Huh?
What the...
What is all this?
Well, you wanted to meet the Hood.
Now's your chance.
- Not you, Miss Bishop.
- [sighs]
Hood only wants to talk
to the Ten Rings there.
It's all right, Hawkeye.
I'll save some for ya.
I'll be with you in just a minute.
You wanted to see me? Huh?
Well, here I am!
Where is my sister?
You hear me? Where is my sister?
[Hood] That comes with a price.
There you are.
But you've proven yourself
a worthy adversary.
So, join me.
What?
I would never join you.
Then you will never find out
what happened to your sister.
Well, guess I'll just
have to beat it out of you, then.
So be it.
[♪ intense thrilling music playing]
[Shang-Chi grunts]
[smashing, crackling]
[gasping]
[grunts]
- Ah! Come on!
- Ooh, your boy's in trouble.
[Shang-Chi grunts]
I'm not sure how many rings
your boy's got left in him.
[groans]
Come on, Shang.
Yes!
[music fades]
What?
[gasps]
- What the...
- Oh, that's spooky.
I gotta admit,
it still gives me the heebie-jeebies.
[♪ calm jingle playing]
[panting]
[breathes sharply]
[Sonny] Well,
what's the matter, Miss Bishop?
Are you feelin' a little woozy?
- [Sonny chuckles]
- [groans]
[The Hood groans]
[grunts]
What are you?
Ah. I could be an ally, if you let me.
[Sonny] It's a hypnotic little ditty,
ain't it?
I acquired this little piece
of "persuasion tech"
on a job I did in Russia,
and added in a little do-si-do.
The... The laborers...
That's how you controlled them.
Song's an earworm.
That's why you gotta plug up
before it bores into your head.
You've got to stop this!
[grunts]
[Hood] Help me.
We can change this country.
For good. Together.
Never!
Tick-tock. Looks like time's runnin' out
for your boy out there.
I'm afraid he's gonna die alone.
You won't be able to save him.
Just like you weren't able
to save your whole family.
Well, I heard 'em call out for you
with my own two ears.
You see, the Hood
didn't kill your parents, Miss Bishop...
[Kate grunts]
- I did.
- [gasps]
[both grunting]
[exhales]
[grunts]
- [groans]
- Xialing?
Sister?
No.
I thought you were taken.
The Hood thought he was coming for me.
But I was coming for him.
I defeated the Hood! I stole his power.
What?
Your parents' fortune went a long way
fundin' this here venture of ours.
But I'd be lyin' if I told you
that killin' them was strictly business.
No, no, it wasn't.
[laughs] It was so much fun.
You don't understand, Brother.
You think I'm the villain in this story,
but I am the hero.
So, join me and help me save these people.
No. Lin Lin, you're not savin'
these people, you're enslavin' them.
I can't let you do this!
Then I can't let you live.
[groans]
Xialing, stop!
This ain't you, Sister. This ain't you!
This is me!
[both grunting]
You're kidnapping innocent people,
warping their minds.
I'm saving them.
What?
By turning them into an army
that will fight to ensure this country
becomes the one we were promised.
No, Xialing, this isn't why you came here.
If you cannot see, then I'll make you!
No.
I'm a man who tries
to enjoy his killings, Miss Bishop.
And killing you with your own mama's guns,
well, that's mighty poetic, ain't it?
[laughs]
[Shang-Chi groans]
Last chance, Brother.
Let us change this country.
Let's save our people.
[Shang-Chi] No.
Not like this.
Then you must die.
No. No, no, no. Huh?
Goodbye.
Who's ringin' that bell?
[sighs]
What the-- Hold on, now.
Okay, Miss Bishop, we can talk about this.
Ah!
Miss Bishop, you ain't gonna shoot
an unarmed man in cold blood, are ya?
Death would be a mercy.
I wanna see you suffer.
[both grunting, thuds]
[sighs in exasperation]
You cannot beat me. Let's finish this!
Fight me.
You must fight me!
No. I won't fight you.
What? What are you--
Come on, fight me! [growls]
Fight me!
I won't play your game anymore.
And my sister
would never kill her brother.
I am not your sister anymore!
[growls]
Get up!
My sister has always been my hero.
She's always been stronger than me.
Braver than me.
She's my life.
And I know she's still in there somewhere.
You're a fool.
No, Lin Lin.
I'm your brother. I love you, Xialing.
[breathing heavily]
[screams]
- [screams]
- [gunshots]
No. No!
Xialing, no!
No, no, no, Xialing, no.
No, no, no. Xialing, no.
Stay with me, Sister.
Oh, my God.
Come on, Xialing, stay with me.
Come on. I got you.
I got you. You're good.
You're good. Come on.
Stay with me now. [breathing heavily]
Shang-Chi.
[♪ emotional instrumental music playing]
[shudders]
Brother...
- There she is. There's my sister.
- [shuddering]
Brother...
Xialing?
[sobs]
Oh, Shang-Chi. I'm sorry, I thought it...
[gasping]
I didn't know.
I'm sorry.
You didn't kill her, Kate.
The Hood did.
[The Watcher] The Old West
has always been a myth
of endless adventure and new beginnings.
But the truth was, at times,
something darker.
Still, one person's tragic fall
is often just the origin story
of a new hero's rise.
Then suddenly, Shang-Chi was like, "Pow!"
Then the Hood was like, "Pow, pow!"
[Kate] That kid's
got some iron fists on him.
You might have some competition.
Well, the West could use another hero.
The Hood was hardly the only evil
haunting these parts.
And I owe it to my sister
to finish her fight.
Make sure everyone here gets a fair shake.
[bell tolls]
Sun's gettin' real low, Hawkeye.
Up for an adventure?
Always.
[The Watcher] And so long
as there are heroes
who ride for justice,
hope will always be on the horizon.
Wow. Another one that ended up
better than it could have.
[The Eminence] Because of you.
You swore an oath, but so did we.
And we can no longer allow
your interferences
to go unanswered.
[♪ high-tempo orchestral music playing]
[music fades, stops]